# Assignment 1

## Deadline: 

25/01/22

## Type: 

In groups

## Delivery: 

Via mail to *figual@ucm.es* indicating **[Assignment 1] Group number** in the subject.

## Part 1

In this assignment, you will work by groups. Discuss with the members of the group and propose
a *realistic* IoT development consisting of, at least,
a number of sensors and actuators distributed in an indoor or outdoor environment (or both).

Briefly describe it using a slide, bullet points in a document or any media you consider of 
interest. After finishing it, a member of the group will need to present it in front of the
rest of the class.

## Part 2

Develop with more detail the deployment, with special interest in the following questions:

- Are there restrictions in number of messages per time unit?
- Are there restrictions in latency, bandwidth and other network metrics?
- What is the maximum transmission range between nodes?
- Are nodes mobile?
- Are package losses accepted? Is retransmission necessary?
- Is energy consumption an actual concern?
- Do nodes need to be maintained/managed remotely?
- Is bidirectionality in transmission necessary?
- Is edge computing necessary or recommended?
- Is security a concern?
- Any other concern of interest.

Write down answers to these questions in a slide, document or any media you consider of 
interest. After finishing it, a member of the group will need to present it in front of the
rest of the class.

## Part 3

Perform a market study and select:

- The best type of node (board) that can fulfill the restrictions.
- The most appropriate network technology (physical/link layer).
- The most appropriate application and transport-layer protocols to use at each point of the deployment. 

Write down answers to each topic in a slide, document or any media you consider of 
interest. After finishing it, a member of the group will need to present it in front of the
rest of the class.

A final report gathering all three parts will be submitted as a final delivery before deadline, and will determine the final grade. 
**Please submit one report per group**.

